g2p_openid_vci_rest_api/README.rst, before:

========================
G2P OpenID VCI: Rest API
========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OpenG2P%2Fopeng2p--vci-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-vci/tree/15.0-develop/g2p_openid_vci_rest_api
    :alt: OpenG2P/openg2p-vci

|badge1| |badge2| 

OpenG2P OpenID VCI REST API

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-vci/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-vci/issues/new?body=module:%20g2p_openid_vci_rest_api%0Aversion:%2015.0-develop%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* OpenG2P

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `OpenG2P/openg2p-vci <https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-vci/tree/15.0-develop/g2p_openid_vci_rest_api>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

Modified formatter and linters and aligned code with latest 17.0
Signed-off-by: Lalith Kota <kotalalith@gmail.com>

g2p_openid_vci_rest_api/README.rst, after:

========================
G2P OpenID VCI: Rest API
========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:7d554ae7945cec0ce2332ac787bce0a25786844d4f015a6e91d900a3e4be6e49
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OpenG2P%2Fopeng2p--vci-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-vci/tree/15.0-develop/g2p_openid_vci_rest_api
    :alt: OpenG2P/openg2p-vci

|badge1| |badge2|

OpenG2P OpenID VCI REST API

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-vci/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-vci/issues/new?body=module:%20g2p_openid_vci_rest_api%0Aversion:%2015.0-develop%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* OpenG2P

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Lalith Kota <kotalalith@gmail.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `OpenG2P/openg2p-vci <https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-vci/tree/15.0-develop/g2p_openid_vci_rest_api>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.
